---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "consul Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# consul Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure the Consul provider
provider "consul" {
  address    = "demo.consul.io:80"
  datacenter = "nyc1"
}

# Access a key in Consul
data "consul_keys" "app" {
  key {
    name    = "ami"
    path    = "service/app/launch_ami"
    default = "ami-1234"
  }
}

# Use our variable from Consul
resource "aws_instance" "app" {
  ami = data.consul_keys.app.var.ami
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (String) Address is the address of the Consul server
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to use. If not provided, the default agent datacenter is used.
- `http_auth` (Attributes) HttpAuth is the auth info to use for http access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_auth))
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the name of the namespace to send along for the request when no other Namespace is present in the QueryOptions
- `partition` (String) Partition is the name of the partition to send along for the request when no other Partition is present in the QueryOptions
- `path_prefix` (String) Prefix for URIs for when consul is behind an API gateway (reverse proxy).  The API gateway must strip off the PathPrefix before passing the request onto consul.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme is the URI scheme for the Consul server.
- `tls_config` (Attributes) TLSConfig is used to generate a TLSClientConfig that's useful for talking to Consul using TLS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls_config))
- `token` (String) Token is used to provide a per-request ACL token
- `token_file` (String) TokenFile is a file containing the current token to use for this client. If provided it is read once at startup and never again.

<a id="nestedatt--http_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_auth`

Optional:

- `password` (String) Password to use for HTTP Basic Authentication
- `username` (String) Username to use for HTTP Basic Authentication


<a id="nestedatt--tls_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls_config`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address is the optional address of the Consul server. The port, if any will be removed from here and this will be set to the ServerName of the resulting config.
- `ca_file` (String) CAFile is the optional path to the CA certificate used for Consul communication, defaults to the system bundle if not specified.
- `ca_path` (String) CAPath is the optional path to a directory of CA certificates to use for Consul communication, defaults to the system bundle if not specified.
- `ca_pem` (String) CAPem is the optional PEM-encoded CA certificate used for Consul communication, defaults to the system bundle if not specified.
- `cert_file` (String) CertFile is the optional path to the certificate for Consul communication. If this is set then you need to also set KeyFile.
- `cert_pem` (String) CertPEM is the optional PEM-encoded certificate for Consul communication. If this is set then you need to also set KeyPEM.
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) InsecureSkipVerify if set to true will disable TLS host verification.
- `key_file` (String) KeyFile is the optional path to the private key for Consul communication. If this is set then you need to also set CertFile.
- `key_pem` (String) KeyPEM is the optional PEM-encoded private key for Consul communication. If this is set then you need to also set CertPEM.
