---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "consul_acl_auth_method Resource - consul"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# consul_acl_auth_method (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the ACL auth method.
- `type` (String) The type of the ACL auth method.

### Optional

- `config` (String) The configuration for this ACL auth method. This should only contain primitive values and containers (such as lists and maps).
- `description` (String) The description for this ACL auth method.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for this ACL auth method.
- `max_token_ttl` (String) The maximum time-to-live of the tokens this auth method produces.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace this ACL auth method is associated with. Namespacing is a Consul Enterprise feature.
- `namespace_rules` (Attributes List) namespace_rules apply only on auth methods defined in the default namespace. Namespacing is a Consul Enterprise feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespace_rules))
- `partition` (String) The partition this ACL auth method is associated with. Partitions are a Consul Enterprise feature.
- `token_locality` (String) token_locality defines the kind of token that this auth method produces. This can be either 'local' or 'global'. If empty 'local' is assumed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--namespace_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespace_rules`

Optional:

- `bind_namespace` (String) bind_namespace is the target namespace of the binding. Can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax from available field names. If empty it's created in the same namespace as the auth method.
- `selector` (String) selector is an expression that matches against verified identity attributes returned from the auth method during login.
